Open Inventory, then Inventory Items.
p02
This is the master catalog of everything a site stocks and sells off the shelf.
p03
Tunnel chemicals, counter supplies, the equipment behind them.
p04
The rest of the inventory pages wait in the sidebar for the next lesson.
p05
Start with the four tiles up top.
p06
Total items, low stock, categories, vendors.
p07
The one that earns a daily glance is low stock.
p08
It counts what's running thin before a cashier tells you the shelf is empty.
p09
Below them, three quick reads.
p10
A twelve-month count trend, the mix by category,
p11
and the split between active, low, and discontinued stock.
p12
You size up the whole catalog here before scrolling a single row,
p13
which is often all a quick stock question needs.
p14
Now the list itself.
p15
New Record builds an item from scratch; that's a training exercise, not for today.
p16
Export ships the data out, so leave it alone.
p17
Filters and search are how you find one item in a long catalog.
p18
Read across the columns.
p19
Two IDs, two prices, a count, a type, a vendor.
p20
The item ID is WashCentral's own number;
p21
the S-K-U is the stock code you match against a shipment.
p22
Cost is what you pay, price is what the customer pays.
p23
Click the first row to open its record.
p24
The header names the item, badges it as an inventory item,
p25
and tags it with type and stock chips,
p26
so you know what you're holding before you read a field.
p27
One row, one full record behind it.
p28
Look top right: three buttons.
p29
Back, Delete, and Edit Record.
p30
Back is the only one we use.
p31
Delete removes a record from a live shared tenant, so it never gets clicked in training.
p32
Edit Record opens the editing flow, and editing is its own workflow with its own rules.
p33
Find all three, then leave two of them alone.
p34
The record splits its fields across three tabs.
p35
Item details, pricing and stock, storage and location.
p36
The legacy Pricing and Tax and Commission and Service names are gone;
p37
this is the layout you'll actually see on the floor.
p38
Start on Item Details.
p39
Eight read-only fields, mirroring the eight columns you just left.
p40
The item's two IDs, its description, what it costs, what it sells for,
p41
forty two units on hand, its type, and its vendor.
p42
That is the ticket answer in one card.
p43
What do we charge, and how many are left.
p44
Open the Pricing and Stock tab.
p45
Watch what changes.
p46
The heading does.
p47
The fields underneath do not.
p48
The same eight facts render again, top to bottom.
p49
That repetition is what this tenant actually shows today, and it is logged,
p50
so do not hunt for pricing-only fields that are not there.
p51
Then Storage and Location.
p52
Same pattern.
p53
A new heading, the identical eight fields, and no bin, aisle, or site anywhere on the page.
p54
So treat the tabs as navigation and learn the eight fields once.
p55
If storage detail lands here on a later build, a future pass will pick it up.
p56
Change nothing, then click Back.
p57
The detail page closes and drops you back on the list, the record exactly as you found it.
p58
On a shared live tenant that discipline matters.
p59
Reading answers the ticket, and Back guarantees you left no mark.
p60
That's Inventory Items end to end.
p61
Counts and trends up top, eight columns across the list,
p62
and a three-tab record behind every row.
p63
You read all of it and change none of it,
p64
which is exactly how a stock question should be answered.